Update introduction.md (#37)
dashpay/docs-core: docs/reference/p2p-network-constants-and-defaults.md

```{eval-rst}
.. meta::

>   :title: Constants and Defaults
>   :description: Dash Core's chainparams.cpp file contains constants and defaults, including port configuration and start strings for Dash network messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :title: Dash Core Constants and Defaults
  :description: Details Dash network constants and defaults, including port configuration and start strings for Dash network messages.
```
